Release v0.14.0 (#178)
cometbft/cometbft-db: .changelog/v0.14.0/summary.md

*Aug 9, 2024*

This release reinstates boltdb and cleveldb as deprecated backend types.

> Please not that we discourage using them, as we plan to drop them in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that we discourage the use of them, as we plan to discontinue support in a future release.
```
